- 👋 Hi, I’m "proadel" this is my First username since 1998. My Real name is Adel.
- 👀 I’m interested in interacting with computers, smarty machine`s coding world, problem-solving, Artificial Intelligence sectors of back-end and also front-end user`s interface experiences development and, I would like to be a part of developing and programing web`s and looking to collaborate in software and tools, Applications for Desktop, mobile devices in :<br>• Development of Networking Business farms of Data centers and cloudy infrastructure back-bone such as Telecom, Blockchain Technologies, cryptocurrency, e-Banking, e-Commerce, e-Health care, e-education and e-online AI web services;<br>• TECHNOPRENEUR ; Internet of things, robots Medicine, high Techno-industries, Deep learning, collecting data and information, cybersecurity and forensic technology,<br>• Fixed or mobile outdoor/indoor and careful decision-making, Responsive AI vehicles systems and devices cross-platforms networks and internet.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning and working with (Medicine as General Physician >18 years); + Python, Django, Dart, Flutter, Firebase, HTML, CSS, Jscript, Java, Node.js, PHP, MySQL, Laravel, Elementor pro, WPML, WooCommerce, WordPress.<br>
- Work Experience: Online Customer Support Remedazo.com - Sana`a April 2022 to Present. <br>  • Our Vision and Mission To create a patient-centric ecosystem of care within the medical tourism industry. Remedazo’s founders have closely observed the rapidly expanding medical tourism industry and found it lacking. Traveller trust is often unappreciated or taken advantage of in a sector where profitability and speed stand central. <br>  • Our members share a sense of honour and responsibility towards their roles in both our company and in the healthcare industry as a whole; as the faces behind Remedazo, we place honesty, respect and decency on the same level as quality medical care. <br>  • our services Why Get an Online Second Opinion From Remedazo? <br>  • Our specialists are experienced in a wide range of conditions <br> • Our medical professionals are among the best in the world <br> • Unique opportunity to attend three free e-consultations <br>  • VISA: Medical Visa Will Be Issued Once The Patient Confirms The Treatment. A Doctor Application Is Necessary To Get Medical Visa. It Will Be Provided By Remedazo. But Page Will Consist of Lot of Information Such As Visa Rules, Visa Fees Etc. <br>  • Travel/tickets arrangements: Once The Visa Is Issued The Patient Can Book The Ticket On Our Platform. <br>  • Language Translator: We Will Personal Language Assistant To All Non-English Speaker. But It Is An Important Service To Showcase. <br>  • Pickup and Drop services: We Are Collaborating With Uber To Provide patient with the Best Pickup And Drop Services From Airport To Hospital. <br>  • Customized accommodations: We Will Help patient To Choose Comfort That Too Near The Hospital. <br>  • Personalized meals: We Will Provide Personalized Meals To The Customers According To Their Health Conditions And Recommendations By Dietitians. This is why patient experience with Remedazo will be different,,, <br>
remedazo.com/ Adel MD, General Physician - Sanaa - Yemen Remedazo service provider - ONLINE SERVICES. via whatsapp, be free to contact +967733477848 | adeldawood@live.com <br>
- Developer Self employed - Sanna, Yemen December 2013 to Present <br> • Coding, Enhance / develop, maintain and support HTML, CSS, DATABASE, PHP, JavaScript, SQL, Python, Dart and cisco networking solutions, internet of every thing, computer software and hardware; test and evaluate. <br> • Install, customize, and troubleshoot open computer operating systems software, hardware, and Database Management. <br> • Install and support software required to maintain business functions, such as applications servers, database servers and file servers. <br> • Monitor and ensure adherence to Department requirements associated with IT Network and Infrastructure availability and performance. <br> • Develop monitoring scripts to maintain good health of hardware and operating system. <br> • Install, troubleshoot, and support networking software to support corporate business functions globally, such as Wide Area Networks (WAN’s) and Local Area Networks (LAN’s). <br> • Review and analyze user request for computer and communication systems and recommend solutions to meet customer requirements. <br> • Monitor and ensure adherence to Service Level Agreements, when supporting customers. <br> • Develop and mentor the Computer & Communication Operations team members. <br> • Manage & assist in managing Information Technology (IT) projects. <br> • Performs System audits, assessments, and reports to management with findings and undertake measures to ensure conformance. <br>
- PC and Network Technician Self employed - Saudi Arabia, Yemen January 1998 to Present • Using and Set up and configure computers and peripheral equipment such as printers, scanners, Windows, MAC, Linux , ... Etc. <br> • Perform audits and tests on computer systems, networks and hardware to ensure it is functioning properly. <br> • Respond to support requests and assist in troubleshooting any problems that arise, and ability to explain technical problems in multi-reports terms. <br> • Attempt to replicate reported technical problems and look for solutions. <br> • Ensure all software and hardware is up-to-date and install updates as required. <br> • Perform routine preventative maintenance to avoid system outages and failures. <br> • Maintain computer network, system and hardware documentation for colleagues to reference. <br> • Train others on how to effectively use computer systems and components. <br> • Ability to understand and brainstorm creative solutions to complex problems. <br> • Strong time management skills and work productively with minimal supervision. <br> • Familiarity and understanding of the functions of basic computer hardware and software. <br>
- Enumerator Adventist Development & Relief Agency, ® ADRA Yemen - Sanaa August 2017 to September 2017 Project Name; Yemen Market Study 2017 August : Technical Assessment Working Group (TAWG) ; REACH : UNHCR : OXFAM : NRC : ACTED : IRC : ACF : NFDHR : SCI : ADRA : Mercy corps. <br>
- Financial & Managment Accountant Gold Star Services Oil & Gas Fields, LLC - Yemen - Sana'a March 2009 to December 2014 © General Trade Services group, gtsgrp.com
<br>
- Education <br>  • Training Certifications in Full Stack Web and Mobile Developer from KAIZON Creative design | Web development , Sana`a - Yemen. email: info@kaizon.net ,,, - Yemen, Sana`a. Alzubairi Street November 2022 to February 2023. <br>  • Humanitarian Leadership Academy in Introduction to International Humanitarian Law (IHL) Kaya.org January 2022 to January 2022 The Humanitarian Leadership Academy, Certified in  / Suicide Prevention in Resettlement, Asylum and Integration Settings Kaya.org December 2021 to December 2021. <br>  • Stanford University online School of Medicine in COVID-19 Training for Healthcare Workers Coursera.org December 2021 to December 2021. <br>  • IoE' Internet of EveryThing, Certification in dealing course with how things those are non-IP-enabled and IP-enabled can be connected to a network to communicate, and interactions of people, process, data, and things that form the Internet of Everything. Its The New Way to Be Together™ ® Cisco Networking Academy online - sana`a, netacad.com May 2015 to January 2017. <br>  • Quality of Health Care, Certification; Approved by Health Care Accreditation Council HCAC from UAE and Jordan. in the basic principles courses with dimensions of quality in health care and quality management program components with Skills needed for the development of health policies and procedures in the workplace,... © Edraak.org, - Self, AR March 2015 to April 2015. <br>  Cisco Technopreneur, Participation Certification in which is a sub-course derived from Entrepreneurship course - Creating, Developing, Operating, securing and controlling a new technological businesses ® Cisco Networking Academy online - sana`a, netacad.com January 2014 to December 2014. <br>  • Cisco Certified Network Professional, CCNP® Certifications in Network Engineering Cisco Networking Academy - sana`a, General Telecommunication Institute. AL-Jeraff - TV road. January 2010 to December 2013. <br> • Cisco Certified Network Associate , CCNA® Certification in Network Admin. Cisco Networking Academy - sana`a, General Telecommunication Institute. AL-Jeraff - TV road. January 2010 to December 2013. <br>  • Bachelor of Medicine, Bachelor of Surgery (MBBS) in Human Medicine Applied & Social Sciences University - Yemen, Sanaa February 1998 to December 2004. <br> • High school in Science Makkah High School - MAKKAH ALMOKARAMAH, KSA. January 1998. <br>
- Languages • English - Intermediate • Arabic - Advanced. <br> • Assessments Social media — Familiar April 2022 Knowledge of popular social media platforms, features, and functions, Full results: Familiar. Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field, in the end : My life objectives totally to Make life of peoples more healthy, creatively, simplest, securest, and much profitability. <br>
<hr> <br>
- How to reach me ... with best Wishes, <br>
  ------------------------------------------------------------------- <br>
  Adel Mohammed Dawood M. SZ. , Founder of Umbrella Corp.<br>
  The Universal Technopreneur Multisolution Services <br>
  ------------------------------------------------------------------- <br>
  Be Free To Contact via whatsapp, email <br>
  +967733477848 - adeldawood@live.com "arabic, english"<br>
  Sana`a City - YEMEN.  <br>
  ======================================= <br>

<!---
proadel/proadel is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
